right guys my heater I mean just to
recap on on this sort of small but
important job you know replacing the
final stage resistor on these l32 T's
mines of four point four v8 I'm pretty
sure I mean I had a diesel one before
and it had the same problem when the
final stage resistor patter I guess I'm
not lucky with these final stage
resistors but I think a lot of you will
have to replace this some stage or the
other I've started up the car my fan has
always been slow not as powerful no
hissing basically rubbish I've just
replaced the final stage resistor it's
fitted in and I'm about to give it a go
and let's see if it works so just turn
that on I mean as you can hear I'm
really happy I don't it doesn't sound
like it well I'm really happy because
I've never had this since I've walked
this week I've just bought it I'm the
second owner from you
mileage is 89 thousand I'm the second
owner from new I've spoken to every
single bill for this vehicle and
typically this one had to go but it's 40
pounds from duckworth Land Rover this is
an original Land Rover part I've shown
you the packaging and obviously my
invoice I mean for you guys you haven't
got time or anything that is the
business that is sort of the
duckworth Land Rover I mean they based
in the address is 101 London Road in
curtain which is Boston Lincolnshire the
number is all one two or five seven two
two one one out for those of you in the
UK as you can see my vehicle is the
right hand driven vehicle there were so
many confusing and conflicting videos on
how to change a final stage resistor
I only know the location of my one which
is driver's side as you can see the
pedals come out I am very simple guys I
mean this is the first time I've ever
changed the final stage resistor in my
life so if you if I can do it as you can
see it's plugged in there that's the
same one that's the FS our final stage
resist is plugging there I didn't have
it wasn't screwed in I just pushed it
back in the important thing to remember
is to push it back in as far as possible
because I pushed it in the first time
and I thought he was in then I thought
I'll give it another go you push it in
and you know when it's in it's important
that it goes in right into the motor not
not obviously with excessive force use
reasonable force and now opposite of
reversal refitting this was the last off
which becomes the first bit on we're
sorry to go on and on guys but it's kind
of comfort difficult for him for people
who don't really sort of fiddle around
with vehicles and stuff that's the plate
TDC you're plugging the PVC thing in
there the buzzer don't forget to connect
your light in I mean the cable for the
foot thing in there the props up here
and you've got
one two three four and five lesson
five Torx head screws to hold it in and
their sick job done final stage resistor
done heating's working again didn't cost
me anything about 40 pounds
other than sorry 40 pounds and 20 minute
job that's it
job done any questions feel free guys
this is son of self-taught a lot of
stuff I've learnt from forums and stuff
guys if I can do you can do I recommend
always getting original parts if you're
going to do these kind of things
yourself it doesn't it doesn't pay in
the end to do to scrimp on things like
this because obviously it will take you
longer and it costs you more in the long
run if you keep having troubles with
your final stage resistor and so forth
and so forth sort it out before the
winter comes and then you're good to go
thanks a lot guys thanks for watching
sorry for going on and on and repeating
myself but just all I want to do is help
people were stuck you know these things
happen and keep the Land Rover community
going thanks a lot thank you